DOCSP-32942: Deprecated Methods (#446)
mongodb/docs-java: source/whats-new.txt

.. New features of the 4.11 driver release include:

> - The following network address-related methods are deprecated and will be removed

Author: Chris has a PR open that includes this bullet point under "Upcoming Breaking Changes":

- Beginning with v5.0, several Stream API methods and classes will be
  removed. To learn which methods will be removed, see :ref:`version-4.11`.

My thought was that keeping the deprecated methods in "What's New in 4.11" made sense as long as that bullet is in "Upcoming Breaking Changes," but let me know if you disagree

> - The following network address-related methods are deprecated and will be removed

Author: [this PR](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-java/pull/444) is the one with the bullet point

> - The following network address-related methods are deprecated and will be removed

Reviewer: Great, yeah I think with that bullet it makes sense here!

.. New features of the 4.11 driver release include:

- The following network address-related methods are deprecated and will be removed
  in v5.0:

  - The `ServerAddress <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/ServerAddress.html>`__
    methods ``getSocketAddress()`` and ``getSocketAddresses()``.
    Instead of ``getSocketAddress()``, use the ``getAddress()`` method from the

>     ``InetSocketAddress`` class. Instead of ``getSocketAddresses()``, use the

Reviewer 2: "In the code at [ServerAddress.java#L191](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-java-driver/blob/5455ee996f06fee1b5db22b02dc9ab0bd4216913/driver-core/src/main/com/mongodb/ServerAddress.java#L191C41-L191C41), it is recommended to use the `getByName(String)` method from `InetAddress` instead of` getSocketAddress()`. Could you please clarify the source of the information suggesting the use of` getSocketAddress()` from `InetSocketAddress`?

Reviewer 2: The same for [getUnixSocketAddress()](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-java-driver/blob/481e793011f8db70efc3b8042bb93860a5dfb686/driver-core/src/main/com/mongodb/UnixServerAddress.java#L56). In the code suggested replacement is different from the doc.

Author: Thank you for these corrections -- I was just looking at the API docs and clearly made some false assumptions! Let me know if this section looks good to go now.

.. New features of the 4.11 driver release include:

- The following network address-related methods are deprecated and will be removed
  in v5.0:

  - The `ServerAddress <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/ServerAddress.html>`__
    methods ``getSocketAddress()`` and ``getSocketAddresses()``.
    

>     Instead of ``getSocketAddress()``, use the ``getByName()`` method.
>     ``getByName()`` is an instance method of the ``InetAddress`` class in the
>     ``java.net`` package.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion:
I think it would be more concise to represent the class with its package.

```suggestion
    Instead of ``getSocketAddress()``, use the ``getByName()`` instance
    method of ``java.net.InetAddress``.
```

Applies to all instances.

    
    Instead of ``getSocketAddresses()``, use the ``getAllByName()`` method.
    ``getAllByName()`` is an instance method of the ``InetAddress`` class in
    the ``java.net`` package. 

  - The `UnixServerAddress <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/UnixServerAddress.html>`__
    method ``getUnixSocketAddress()``.
    

>     Instead of ``getUnixSocketAddress()``, use the constructor for the ``UnixSocketAddress``
>     class in the ``jnr.unixsocket`` package. Pass the file-system path name of the
>     UNIX socket file, as a ``String``, to the ``UnixSocketAddress`` constructor. By default,
>     MongoDB creates a UNIX socket file located at ``"/tmp/mongodb-27017.sock"``.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion:

I think it could be better to omit the specific detail about passing a String and instead link to the API documentation. From those docs, it looks like the constructor can be either a String or File.

```suggestion
    Instead of ``getUnixSocketAddress()``, construct an instance of
    ``jnr.unixsocket.UnixSocketAddress``. Pass the full path of the UNIX
    socket file to the constructor. By default, MongoDB creates a UNIX
    socket file located at ``"/tmp/mongodb-27017.sock"``. To learn more
    about the ``UnixSocketAddress`` see the `UnixSocketAddress API documentation <https://www.javadoc.io/doc/com.github.jnr/jnr-unixsocket/latest/jnr/unixsocket/UnixSocketAddress.html>`__.
```

Author: Updated!
